Assignment name: Assignment 1 (Clockshop Conundrums)
TCSS 305 A: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2023

Name: Dustin Feldt
UWNetID: DFeldt5


Assignment Overview:

 The assignment combines object creation and manipulation, data structures,
 reading and writing files, and exception handling.  The Clock class serves
 to build and modify Clock objects, while the ClockShop class creates ClockShop
 arrays and provides method to search, sort, fill, and export them.  The
 assignment also serves as an early example for proper code formatting, notation,
 and organization.

Technical Impression:

 Working with ArrayLists and custom classes are concepts I'm fairly comfortable
 with, so the basic structure and more common methods like Get, Set, Find, and
 toString were straightforward solutions using mainly existing class functions.
 Sorting the ClockShop was a challenge, but a fun kind of challenge.  While I'm
 content with my while-loop implementation, I would want to streamline
 it if the size of the Arrays were larger.  I feel there's a more elegant solution,
 so I'll have to revisit it later in the quarter when I've knocked more of the
 Summer rust off. A few methods were either new to me or unfamiliar enough to be quite
 challenging.  Reading from and writing to external files are both things I've
 done in the past, but not frequently enough to write code for without referencing
 those prior examples and reviewing the documentation.  Both took a good bit of
 trial and error to get working, and I couldn't find a way to fulfill the extra
 credit requirement without it breaking.  Overriding Equals and CompareTo were
 both new to me, although I was familiar enough with their functions to get
 it done without much trouble.  I did revise my Equals method after it was
 demonstrated in class, since that was more efficient coding.

Unresolved problems in my submission:

I did not write a HashCode method to accompany the Equals method, since it's
a concept I'm completely unfamiliar with and the program is functional.

Citations and Collaborations:

None

Extra Credit:

None attempted

Questions:

I am interested to learn more about altering the HashCode method and the
potential impacts it can have on my code.

